

    Federal Reserve Board - Federal Reserve issues FOMC statement

Skip to main content

An official website of the United States Government
Here's how you know
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.

Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A lock (LockLocked padlock icon) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

        Back to Home
        Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System

                Stay Connected

                  Federal Reserve Facebook Page

                  Federal Reserve Instagram Page

                  Federal Reserve YouTube Page

                  Federal Reserve Flickr Page

                  Federal Reserve LinkedIn Page

                  Federal Reserve Threads Page

                  Federal Reserve X Page

                  Federal Reserve Bluesky Page

                  Subscribe to RSS

                  Subscribe to Email

                Recent Postings

                Calendar

                Publications

                Site Map

                A-Z index

                Careers

                FAQs

                Videos

                Contact

                Search

                        Submit Search Button

                Advanced

                Toggle Dropdown Menu

            Main Menu Toggle Button

        Sections

            Search Toggle Button

                Search

                    Search Submit Button
                    Submit

Home

News & Events

Press Releases

                       Press Release

                  PDF 

    Please enable JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser or access the information through the links provided below. 

January 28, 2026

                Federal Reserve issues FOMC statement              

For release at 2:00 p.m. EST                     

                        Share

Available indicators suggest that economic activity has been expanding at a solid pace. Job gains have remained low, and the unemployment rate has shown some signs of stabilization. Inflation remains somewhat elevated.

The Committee seeks to achieve maximum employment and inflation at the rate of 2 percent over the longer run. Uncertainty about the economic outlook remains elevated. The Committee is attentive to the risks to both sides of its dual mandate.

In support of its goals, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 3‑1/2 to 3‑3/4 percent. In considering the extent and timing of additional adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will carefully assess incoming data, the evolving outlook, and the balance of risks. The Committee is strongly committed to supporting maximum employment and returning inflation to its 2 percent objective.

In assessing the appropriate stance of monetary policy, the Committee will continue to monitor the implications of incoming information for the economic outlook. The Committee would be prepared to adjust the stance of monetary policy as appropriate if risks emerge that could impede the attainment of the Committee's goals. The Committee's assessments will take into account a wide range of information, including readings on labor market conditions, inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and financial and international developments.

Voting for the monetary policy action were Jerome H. Powell, Chair; John C. Williams, Vice Chair; Michael S. Barr; Michelle W. Bowman; Lisa D. Cook; Beth M. Hammack; Philip N. Jefferson; Neel Kashkari; Lorie K. Logan; and Anna Paulson. Voting against this action were Stephen I. Miran and Christopher J. Waller, who preferred to lower the target range for the federal funds rate by 1/4 percentage point at this meeting.

For media inquiries, please email [email protected] or call 202-452-2955.

Implementation Note issued January 28, 2026

        Last Update:
            January 28, 2026